Updated DG and PPP (#238)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/team/benjykoh.md

* **New Feature**:
  * Added the ability to display the format, and a short description for a specified command. [#43](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp/pull/43)
    * What it does: Provides the user with a short description on what the given command does, as well as display the format of the command, allowing the users to learn how to use it.

>       * If no command is specified, this features provides the user with a listt all the existing commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * If no command is specified, this feature provides the user with a list of all the existing commands.
```
